add new metadata docs (#366)
gear-tech/wiki: docs/developing-contracts/state.md

Persistent data of the Gear smart contract is stored in the same way as in a classic program and does not require initialization of the external storage.

```rust

> // describe State structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// describe state structure
```

#[derive(TypeInfo, Decode, Encode, Clone)]
pub struct Wallet {
    pub id: ActorId,
    pub person: String,
}

> // declare and initialize State

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// declare and initialize the state
```

static mut WALLETS: Vec<Wallet> = Vec::new();
```

If you're programming in Rust or other object-oriented languages, you should be familiar with most types. However, the `ActorId` type is something new when developing contracts via the Gear Protocol.

:::info
`ActorId` is a special type that represents an 32 bytes array and defines any `ID` in Gear Protocol.
:::

## State functions

To display the contract State information (similar to the `view` functions), the `state()` function is used. It allows you to instantly read the contract status (for example, contract balance). Reading State is a free function and does not require gas costs.

To return State use:

```rust
#[no_mangle]
extern "C" fn state() {
    msg::reply(unsafe { WALLETS.clone() }, 0).expect("Failed to share state");
}
```

> By default, the `state()` function returns the full State of the contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `state()` function returns the whole state of the contact.
```

> ## Custom program to read State

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom program to read the state
```

> Additionally, you can create your own program for read State. This wrapper will allow you to implement your custom functions for the client side, not depending on the main program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can create your own program to read the state. This wrapper will allow you to implement custom functions for the client side, not depending on the main program.
```

> This has a number of advantages, for example, you will always be able to read the State even if the program changes (provided that the incoming or outgoing types have not changed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has a number of advantages, for example, you will always be able to read the state even if the program changes (as long as the incoming or outgoing types have not changed).
```

> To do this, we need to create an independent program. And to describe the necessary functions inside `metawasm` trait. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, we need to create an independent program and describe the necessary functions inside the `metawasm` trait. For example:
```
